[Applause]
[Music]
fred daphne velma shaggy and scooby-doo
enjoy solving mysteries at crystal cove
however the town's sheriff does not
appreciate them interfering with his
work
their parents are also against it and
advise them to hang out with the other
kids not risking their lives
don't forget to chew when a slime mutant
appears and begins to cocoon its victims
these kids can't help but become
involved in order to solve the mystery
[Music]
hey
daphne finds a locket inside the cave
just before they saw three people
cocooned to the roof
fred stole one of the bodies from the
police and the squad got away
they took the body to professor raffalo
and asked him for help the professor
examines the body and says that he is
still alive but is in a dehydrated
stasis
the next day professor raffalo was
cocooned as well by the slime monster
[Music]
it's no use gang i was the one who stole
the body and professor raffalo paid the
price shaggy figures out that the cocoon
is made with the same stuff as in for it
mayor's dessert
no you guys it's fruit meyers they broke
into fruit mares to find more evidence
shaggy and scooby stumbled upon the
slime monster
they found the cave under fruitmares and
finds out that the slime monster was
digging right under the crystal cove
bank
someone's been digging fred made a trap
and they lure the monster into it
[Applause]
it turns out professor emmanuel raffalo
is the slime monster he disguised
himself to be the monster and dug a hole
under the bank to steal the money he
staged his own disappearance to cover
his alibi i staged my own disappearance
to throw down on any hint of my
involvement at the end of the episode
someone named mystery calls them and
warns them about the locket
you should never have brought that
locket out of the cave you don't know
what you've uncovered uncovered
[Music]